Enhance Python test docs (#5253)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/WritingTests.asciidoc

    send_key('ret')
    assert_screen('openqa-search-results')

>     # This is how to import libraries other than 'testapi'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # import further Perl-based libraries (besides `testapi`)
```

    perl.require("x11utils") 

>     # Example on how to use imported libraries and named arguments.
>     # In Perl would have been: x11_start_program("flatpak run com.obsproject.Studio", "target_match" => "obsproject-wizard")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # use imported Perl-based libraries; call Perl function that would be called via "named arguments" in Perl
    # note: In Perl the call would have been: x11_start_program('flatpak run com.obsproject.Studio', target_match => 'obsproject-wizard')
```
